TMEDIA-852 : Create Picture Component (#127)
WPMedia/arc-themes-components: src/components/picture/index.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Story, Canvas, ArgsTable } from "@storybook/addon-docs";

import Picture from ".";
import Source from "./_children/source";
import Image from "../image";

<Meta title="Components/Picture" component={Picture} />

# Picture

The `Picture` component and `Picture.Source` subcomponent render the HTML5 `<picture>` and `<source>` tags, respectively. Similar to the Image, the Picture component displays images as both a means of content and content support. Picture, however, allows for different images (with respective resize options) to be used explicitely for different media queries. This allows for different Art Direction approaches for specific viewport dimensions.

> For `resizedOptions`, here are the query parameters that are available:

Author: @JackHowa : Wanted to ask about this. This is incorrect as this param on `Picture` is currently `resizerOptions` as per the acceptance criteria on the ticket. 
> Takes in an object resizerOptions. Note: A source image token is only compatible with one source image

This is arguably confusing though as `Image` uses a [resizedOptions](https://github.com/WPMedia/arc-themes-components/blob/arc-themes-release-version-2.0.1/src/components/image/index.jsx#L112-L113) param for the same object. I think they should both use the same param name. I like `resizerOptions` and think it's a more intuitive name but I can change it to `resizedOptions` to be consistent w/ `Image`.
cc: @nschubach

Reviewer: must've been a typo on my end. Use the same prop name from the Image component in the Picture component

Reviewer: this has not been addressed. `resizedOptions` should be used in all places. we want to ensure uniformity and reusability between the image component and picture components

@ecarlisle

Reviewer: I've unresolved the comment after it was resolved by the pr creator

Author: @JackHowa : 
Thank you! This naming convention was being used in the `format-image-resizer-src` util. I've changed this. `resizedOptions` is being used in all places.

Reviewer: Updated

Reviewer: addressed

https://github.com/WPMedia/arc-photo-resizer/tree/main/docs/usage#query-parameters

Crucially, an "auth" key will allow the image to be resized. This object will resize the image to the specified dimensions and other properties given in the query parameters in the `src`.

> The `Picture` component can use zero or more `Picture.Source` subcomponents and should also include one `Image` as a supportive fallback. Those are the two types of children a Picture will support.

Reviewer: Not sure why someone would use the picture component but not a picture.source. Not sure we'd want to encourage zero
```suggestion
The `Picture` component can take in `Picture.Source` subcomponents and should also include one `Image` as a supportive fallback. Those are the two types of children a Picture will support.
```

Reviewer 2: It's per standard.  A `picture` must have one `img` and zero or more `source`s.

https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/embedded-content.html#the-picture-element

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2287238/182227552-02d12929-c751-4574-ac73-f200467bbd47.png)

Reviewer: cool no worries

## Usage

```jsx
import { Picture, Image } from "@wpmedia/arc-themes-components";

const Feature = () => <Picture>
	<Picture.Source
		src="cat.jpg"
		width={400}
		height={300}
		media="(min-width: 768px)"
		resizerURL="https://resizer.com/v2/"
		resizedOptions={{
			auth: "secret",

> 		}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		}}
		/>
```

component jsx should be closed

Reviewer 2: Noted this as well

Author: Great catch! Thanks!

Reviewer: different problem; has not been addressed https://github.com/WPMedia/arc-themes-components/pull/127#discussion_r936056847

Reviewer: addressed

> 	<Image

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	/>
	<Image
```
Missing closing tag

		src="cat.jpg"
		width={200}
		height={200}
		resizerURL="https://resizer.com/v2/"

> 		alt="A cat meowing"

Reviewer 2: Should this have the resizer options as well, err... `resizedOptions` (auth is required, no?)

Author: Good call! Thanks!

import { Meta, Story, Canvas, ArgsTable } from "@storybook/addon-docs";

import Picture from ".";

> import Source from "./_children/source";

Reviewer 3: This shouldn't be needed as you should never import the children components

Author: Thanks! Removed.

Reviewer 3: I see this marked as resolved - but the code is still here

import Image from "../image";

<Meta title="Components/Picture" component={Picture} />

# Picture

> The `Picture` component and `Picture.Source` subcomponent render the HTML5 `<picture>` and `<source>` tags, respectively. Similar to the Image, the Picture component displays images as both a means of content and content support. Picture, however, allows for different images (with respective resize options) to be used explicitely for different media queries. This allows for different Art Direction approaches for specific viewport dimensions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `Picture` component and `Picture.Source` subcomponent render the HTML5 `<picture>` and `<source>` tags, respectively. Similar to the Image, the Picture component displays images as both a means of content and content support. Picture, however, allows for different images (with respective resize options) to be used explicitly for different media queries. This allows for different Art Direction approaches for specific viewport dimensions.
```

For `resizedOptions`, here are the query parameters that are available:
https://github.com/WPMedia/arc-photo-resizer/tree/main/docs/usage#query-parameters

Crucially, an "auth" key will allow the image to be resized. This object will resize the image to the specified dimensions and other properties given in the query parameters in the `src`.

The `Picture` component can use zero or more `Picture.Source` subcomponents and should also include one `Image` as a supportive fallback. Those are the two types of children a Picture will support.

## Usage

```jsx
import { Picture } from "@wpmedia/arc-themes-components";

const Feature = () => (
	<Picture>
		<Picture.Source
			src="cat.jpg"
			width={400}
			height={300}
			media="(min-width: 768px)"
			resizerURL="https://resizer.com/v2/"
			resizedOptions={{
				auth: "secret",
			}}
		/>

> 		/>

Reviewer 3: Too many closing tags

Author: Thank you! Fixed.

import { Meta, Story, Canvas, ArgsTable } from "@storybook/addon-docs";

import Picture from ".";
import Source from "./_children/source";

> import Image from "../image";

Reviewer 3: Should not be importing the `Image` component here

Author: @matthewroach : Thank you! Fixed.
